Welcome back, guys. Welcome. [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to a new week and welcome
back to a new vlog. Today feels like
Monday because yesterday was a holiday
in France. And so I was off. Today's
Tuesday and I'm going back to work. We
had a really nice long weekend. We went
to an area I had never been before in
the countryside called Sulon. It was so
beautiful. We went there with friends.
We did barbecues cano can
and uh fishing and things like that. And
it's now back to work. I am going to the
office. I have two very big priorities.
Today is content planning day. Uh we
have much many contents that we shot and
we need to plan them throughout the year
on the twinflame account and newsletters
and things like that. And we are doing a
big big um
new collection
development
appointment together.
We've gathered all of our ideas. I've
gathered everything that I've seen
lately that's sparked ideas and we're
just going to figure out what we'll be
doing, what prototype we should be
launching and things like that. Bought
myself a little snack. Pomegranate,
pineapple, and I was craving coconut
water. I also have a little bit of a
headache and when I have coconut water,
it kind of helps.
>> Coconut water for the sister. It's not
from the coconut as you're used to.
>> Yeah,
>> but I'll take it. But you'll take it. We
are matching on necklaces.
>> You have the gold [clears throat]
version.
>> I didn't even see. I think I need to
collect other colors.
>> You know what I love? I love the black
one
>> and I love the red one. [clears throat]
>> Sisters, I'm wearing the silver version.
And I really love this piece. Like it's
really fun cuz you can make it short,
make it long. It's like a very versatile
little type piece of jewelry. I don't
really wear necklaces in the winter, but
in the summer it really brings something
to a look.
[music]
I was telling Lisa, I've [snorts] been
using the bronzer by um Merit and I
really love it. I just
>> The highlighter,
>> the highlighter is insane.
>> So good. And I've been using the Merit
um bronzer with the brush from Makeup by
Mario and it's very natural. It's very
beautiful.
Is ideas for simple jersey tops like the
Bella, like the Georgia.
And then this is another one that I
really love because I think it's very
dress up, dress down. I love that you
have the same detail as the Bella top,
like the draped little part.
>> Yeah. Such a cute piece to have.
>> Love it. [snorts] Not because we never
wear.
[music]
Good morning everyone. I am here in the
cab with Miss Lisa. We're very much,
it's our preppy vibe.
Uh we're both wearing white and cream
because we are going to the French
tennis tournament called Holongos. It's
our first time for both of us.
>> Yes,
>> we're invited by the lingerie brand
called Itam. Uh you guys always love my
black satin robe that I wear often in my
vlogs. It is from that brand from it
because I get so many messages
um to know where that robe is from.
We've arrived. He felt we were very much
lost and it's like Disneyland. He's like
you have to go to that road and that
road. So you go to door 49. The girls
are girly. So one thing my dad is a huge
fan of tennis. He's having major FOMO.
>> Major FOMO. Like right now, he is asking
us every minute if we have arrived and
if we can send him videos.
>> I wish we could have had invited him.
>> Yes, he would have loved it. Then once
we have a little spot, I'm going to show
you Lisa's look. What's her take on a
tennis tournament? And then I'll show
you my look. What's my take on the
tennis tournament? [laughter]
>> What about this bag?
>> Yeah. that I bought, you know, remember
where where did I buy? Um Portugal.
>> Portugal. Lisbon last year.
>> It's bringing back
>> memories, you know, instead of buying a
>> Oh, so exciting. [music]
[music]
>> [music]
>> Lisa's look of the day. Little white
skirt, [music] white linen shirt,
sunnies. Look at that.
[music]
>> [music]
>> You guys, I've been shooting Lisa on
this little corner right here. And of
course, everyone can see you. Everyone's
now shooting there.
>> And I was kind of embarrassed when she
said, "Go and shoot." I was like, "Off
in front of everyone." I said, "It's the
perfect angle where you have a thing in
the back. Everybody's doing their
Everyone's
>> Everyone. We just had lunch and we're
going back to watch a new game. And now
we're gonna watch Elina Vitalina and
Caitlyn Ku Spain against Ukraine. Let's
go.
>> [cheering]
[music]
>> Okay, end of the for me. Lisa stayed
there for the last game with Jookovic
and uh Venoi. I uh unfortunately had to
leave early. Uh well, it was planned. I
have a job, a modeling job at 4:30 p.m.
It is 3:50. Have 40 minutes to get
there, which should be fine. But it's a
walk to the metro. It's like 18 minutes
walk with Google. So, I don't know if
you guys are like me, but when Google
tells me 18 minutes walk, it's 10 in my
mind cuz I'm a fast walker,
but it's extremely warm today and I
don't want to arrive there like looking
disheveled and sweaty. So, I'm trying to
pace myself. I'm so glad I'm missing the
last game. I would have loved to watch
it. I've never seen a game um with
Jukovich, so you know, he's a legend.
So, I would have loved to see the game
if I have a
documentary to uh recommend. Well, two
actually. I have one called Point Break.
Uh really good. They follow New Talents
um
on Netflix in the, you know, so it's
really a documentary style a little bit
like Drive to Survive. I think it's the
same. Yeah, it's the same people. So,
it's kind of fun. And then the other one
is Untold
with a specific
player. I think it was Fisher.
Very very good. And I think very very
soon it's coming out a documentary about
Nadal on Netflix. So I'm definitely
watching that. I realize
realized recently
how many like sport
>> uh documentary I watch like I watch all
of them. I love them all. I love I just
love the world of
sports in general. So good evening. It's
8:00 p.m. and finally back home. Um
Jukovich ended up winning the game. It
lasted super long. Lisa said I think
they finished at like 7:00 p.m. and they
started at 4:00. So that was a really
long game. I am preparing dinner
and I'm I'm so thirsty and I've been
drinking water water but it feels like
it's not
working. It's not making me less
thirsty. So I'm making my boyfriend and
I a little mocktail. So I've added some
crushed ice. It's not really a mocktail.
It's the easiest thing in the world.
crushed ice in a nice wine glass. I buy
instead of buying lemons, sometimes I
buy this just because it's easier to
just add to your water any time of the
day. It's organic lemon juice. It's only
lemon juice. There's nothing else like
no sugar, no nothing. [music]
Mocktails done. to go with the
mocktails. I'm making a little aio
because I'm making potatoes for the main
uh dish tonight and it's going to take a
little bit of time. Starving. So, so
let's prepare the potatoes first, get
them into the oven, then do the app
together.
[music]
>> [music]
>> a little apiro, carrots, hummus and
smoked scamar. Delicious.
Good evening, guys. another
taxi introduction. Lisa and I have had
so many events this week
and we're going to another one together.
Tonight is one that we've been waiting
for a really long time cuz we were
invited like a month ago.
>> A month ago. Yeah.
>> And it's actually a Summer Fridays
event. So, we're so excited cuz we've
been loving the brand since it started.
The Jetlag mask is one of my favorite
skincare products. I don't remind myself
to buy it enough. I used to always
repurchase
>> it in a mini size and it's very
convenient.
>> I love this thing. Like it's really
really good but I always forget to buy
it and they don't always have it here in
Seor and France.
>> Summer Fridays.
>> Oh my god, it's huge.
>> We did the event is at a restaurant.
We've been twice together. It's called
the Ghan Cafe. It's inside the You
>> mean twice?
>> Twice at night and at lunch. Um it's
inside the uh the company.
>> Lisa's look of the night. I think you
guys recognize it. I had it in London
and then she also purchased it cuz it's
so cute and it's on sale at the moment
at Berska.
[music]
>> [music]
>> We're having a great
>> We're having a great week. Lisa sat
there at that table. We're eating all
the desserts. We had already peach and
creams. Now we're having the
She's sitting there and I
sitting here on the other side as if we
don't know each other.
>> We're chitchatting. for uh debriefing
from the week.
[music]
Good morning, guys. You guys are not
ready for
what I'm about to say about where I am
at the moment, but
okay. Last night was a blast. We had so
much fun at the Summer Fridays party.
Uh, we met Amelia Lyanna, which has a
YouTube channel that we adore with Lisa,
and she was the sweetest. Then I went to
a birthday party, and I went to bed at
2:30 a.m. and woke up at 6:00 so we
could be here today. Took a train to Po,
which is a city um down south, and we
are at an event called
500 Ferrari against cancer.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So yeah, 500 Ferraris against
cancer. It's a charity event uh that's
organized and so people from all over
the world come in with their Ferraris.
There's some racing. There's things like
that and they of course uh raise money
to
research against cancer. It is
only 11:00 a.m. and it's like 1,000°. I
don't know how I'm going to survive this
day. I realized I didn't take any like
bobby pins or something to put my hair
up. I think I am going to be going into
a sports car to get driven around like
really fast, which I am absolutely
terrified about because I get very much
car sick. So, here we are.
[music]
>> [music]
>> What are we wearing at a um
car event? I'm wearing this bodysuit, a
pair of kind of high-waisted jeans, my
Gucci boots, my Kuresh bag, and a hair
pin, and uh my belly eyewear.
And um I just got out of the driver's
brief. I'm not driving, but I'm going to
get driven into a car on the circuit,
which I am absolutely terrified
first because
I just had a huge dog hot dog and fries
and I feel like, you know, and uh that's
it. So the deal is basically people come
with their cars and they offer uh for a
certain amount of money to go around
with the car. This money is then given
to
uh research
uh for all types of research for cancer.
That's the whole deal of this weekend
which I think is pretty cool because
it's passionate people. People get to go
into cars they've always dreamed to try
and it's helping to fight cancer. That
is amazing.
>> It's happening, guys. It's happening.
I'm terrified.
Oh my god.
Ta.
Okay, I'm ready.
All the cars lining up, guys.
My boyfriend's driving, so I trust him.
He's a very, very good driver. But
you know that feeling like it's not for
me. It's not for me.
[music]
Heat.
>> [music]
[music]
>> My legs are shaking, guys. I just got
out of it. I don't know if I want to
vomit or cry.
You guys, we're on our way back to Paris
and we are watching a Hongo's game. Two
days ago, um, Moyes
won a game and he's the youngest player
to have won a game in a grand slam since
1991. He's French and we're like rooting
for him like crazy and he is now won his
first set. So, we're like this
You guys, we got home. The tennis game
is still not done. And we also have
the football game. Since we can't
choose, we've been just watching both of
them at the same time. Good evening,
guys. It is a very sporty evening.
Tennis match. Unfortunately, Mu Kwami
lost. So, honos is over for him. On the
football side, the Paris Sanjama club
one.
I don't know if you guys can hear it is
mayhem in the streets of Paris. It's
insane. Like, we personally had planned
to not go out tonight because we knew
that it would be crazy to just even be
walking in the streets. So, we are
tucked into our little apartment while
everyone is celebrating in the streets.
And now we are watching the Netflix
documentary about Rafael [clears throat]
Nadal. And it's excellent, guys. They're
so good at doing like sports
documentaries on Netflix. And this one
once again delivers. And also because
his story is so rich, there's so much to
talk about and unpack and tell and the
little untold stories and all that. It's
fascinating. I highly recommend. After
spending these two days in a very
extreme heat, no shade, a lot of dust.
My skin is in desperate need of a little
reset. I just showered, cold shower.
And I'm first going to remove my makeup
with the Dectar Bonertil. I love this
when I want to do like a thorough
cleanse, deep cleanse. This really
removes my makeup within one
um wash, I would say. And I just love to
massage this in
for a while.
>> [music]
>> I found this
bundle for like skin care. That's
perfect. I'm of course going to double
cleanse. I'm going to use the Zikta
cleanser.
>> [music]
>> I was literally falling asleep and I was
like, "No, I didn't do all this to not
finish the skincare routine." So, I'm
now going to do
a mask. I want this to be quick. So, I'm
going to do the Goop Beauty uh MicroDerm
Instant Glow Exfoliator. I left this to
just reset my skin, give it a nice
um exfoliation, but you just need to
leave this for 3 minutes. So, it's
perfect when you don't want to spend too
much time doing your skin care, but it
still gives that feeling of
really
well exfoliated, cleansed skin. This
mask is a combination of two types of
exfoliation. It does a manual
exfoliation. So, it has these little
seeds, I would say, and also a chemical
exfoliation. So, it's a pretty
complete mask. You just let it sit for 3
minutes to let the chemicals do their
thing.
I've done this so many times and
honestly, like a little goes a long way.
So, that's been in my vanity since
September, almost a year. Crazy. And I'm
saying this because it is a pricey
product, but I don't mind splurging in
masks because you don't do them that
often, so it lasts long. Put away a
little bit my things from my um
from my little night trip.
I also got a little um sample of this
Tata Harper Super Kind Radiance Mask.
It's so good. It just wakes your skin
up. Makes it feels very fresh. Really
love this. And this is really nice.
Also, if funnily enough, I've done it at
night when I need a little boost, but
I've also done it in the morning when I
just want my face to feel alive, I
guess, before like a makeup or an
important day. So, really nice. And also
this one, a little goes a long way. See,
I've already done it a few times and
there's still a lot left.
Next, I'm going to do the summer serum
by Dika. You guys are going to say that
I'm only using the brand, but I don't
know.
I was gravitating towards this today. It
is what it is.
Nice layer of serum.
We've been [clears throat]
we've been tearing up the whole weekend.
We've been tearing up while watching the
documentary, especially at the beginning
when he announces the fact that he was
going to stop his professional tennis
career and yesterday seeing also all the
people so excited to drive in cars that
they dream of and things like that and
they were so cute. We kept like getting
so emotional and it's also for a cause
that's like dear to my heart, so dear to
his heart. And so we were like super
emotional the whole day yesterday and
then today we watched this. We're like
tearing up in bed and I'm like, what's
going on with this? Now the PD PDRN 100
cream.
I have nothing to say about this one.
It's not bad, but it's not exceptional.
So, it's not a product I will
repurchase,
I think. I don't know,
but it's a nice thick cream
that penetrates well,
but I think I've tried others from
Korean cosmetic brands that just felt
way more effective. Last step, and this
one I love. I'm going to do the MetaCube
wrapping collagen night mask.
I love this.
This is one of my favorite masks.
I do a really thick layer. You really
have to do this like 15 minutes before
you fall asleep just to have the time to
dry. And then tomorrow morning, you just
peel it off.
It's really not uncomfortable to sleep
in, which is not the case of the
Biodance mask, which I love, but can be
a little bit more
annoying to sleep with. So,
that's why I really, really love this
one. A little bit of the
help preserve peptide lip treatment
in there.
I'm ready for bed. Good night. Good
afternoon, guys. It's Monday. Today, I
am all ready to go to my modeling agency
for a little Polaroid shoot. Uh that's
why I'm, you know, going makeup free and
all of that. I'm at home. When I was in
Bali, I received a few gifts from
brands. And I thought I'd just look into
it and show a little bit to you guys
what I've received because I think you
guys might like a few of the things that
I got. [laughter] And sometimes it's
just nice to do a little shopping spree
together, a little levit as we say,
window shopping or something like that.
So here we are. The first thing I wanted
to show you guys is actually something
that we got in our itam goodie bag at
the Hongos event. It's this uh
sunscreen. It's sunscreen season, right?
So, I know you guys are looking for good
recommendations. This is from SVR. It's
a 50 plus. And what's really interesting
is that it's a moisturizing sun water.
So, I thought it'd be a little bit oily.
See, because you have kind of that oily
effect, but when you spray it on the
skin, it leaves a really nice shine, but
it feels like water. It doesn't feel
heavy and it sinks into the skin
straight away, which is something I
love. I feel that sometimes when you're
hot and it can be humid and things like
that, you don't want things sitting on
your skin and that feel greasy and all
of that. And also, this is a sunscreen
that is uh safe for corals. So, that's a
great point. I've received the most
gorgeous package by YSL Beauty. It's
like, you know, these little books that
you have in your hotel room that has all
the information of your hotel. It even
had this like please do not disturb
sign. So cute, [music]
so thoughtful. And I just love to have
this like in my um how to say library. I
think I'm going to bring it to the
office. I think it's very cool for a
little office. side. We have new lip
products from the YSL Love Nude Blurred
line. In term of lip liner, I think I'd
try a little bit more of this than the
others. Oh, this is definitely the pink
of the box. So pretty. Sculpting lip
liner one. Then this is 102. Yeah,
that's way more my color. See? Little
bit more brownish. Browner shade 109.
Yeah, see way more dark. But then we
have three lipsticks. This is number
one. Very pretty color.
Super pigmented. A kind of satin finish.
It's not matte. It's not shiny. It's
satin. This one's a little darker red.
Okay. Here you have it. This is the
number two. Ooh, this is more my vibe.
See, it's a little bit more Yeah.
brownish. Here we go. I love to try new
makeup because it makes me try new
things and kind of
get out of my comfort zone, you know.
Going to
have like that.
Oh, that's a pretty lip.
Very pretty. It brought life to me.
Right. What's this? I mean, the
packaging of this, it's a book and the
perfume is inside. How beautiful is
this? It's so romantic. I love it. The
perfume is from Miz Mara. It's called
Fit of Fully. It's a very unisex scent.
It's super powerful, but super fresh.
So, I feel like it's pretty perfect for
summer.
The bottle is so pretty. I mean, this is
insanely gorgeous.
It's a beautiful scent. It's funny. If I
were in the store, I don't know if I
would purchase this for myself, but now
that I have it, I'm like, should I
explore this type of scent for myself?
You see what I mean? Next up, we have a
hair care brand called Care. Really
beautiful. I have here the shampoo, the
serum, leave-in kind of conditioner,
and this is more of a styling cream. I
also have the hair mask. I will let you
know. These are things I really need to
try before I can have any type of
opinion. Then we have a skincare brand
I've heard of many, many times. It's
called Glory. It's vegan. It's made in
Korea. Here we have the jelly cream.
This is the
jelly face wash. I also have the
um facial exfoliant
toner.
Look at that. It looks like a jello.
See,
it literally is jell-o. How do you Okay,
that is such a weird consistency. That's
very fun. Yeah, no scent here either.
Okay, very refreshing. Definitely need
to try this out. The piece. The piece.
The bag piece. It's from this brand
called Verified
New York. I don't know if you guys have
seen this around. They have many, many
gorgeous styles, gorgeous um leathers
[clears throat] and things like that.
And the price point honestly is
impeccable for the quality of
uh the pieces, but also I think they
really have some really cool styles.
This is one of their best-selling
pieces. It's a clutch,
a black leather clutch. I got it with
the silver hardware just because I
didn't have anything black and silver
and I felt like it was really missing in
my closet. Something that just can
really go with many, many different
looks, especially at night. It's a roomy
clutch. So, see, you can really put a
lot of things in here. So that's very
practical. It also comes with two types
of handles. Put this handles like this.
You have this short version that I guess
you come and clip here, but I don't know
how yet. I literally had to go on
YouTube to see a tutorial of how to put
little straps in. So basically, you have
here the clips and you uncip it like
that. So you secure like that. You uncip
it and then
you just
slide it in like so. I love it as a
clutch, but with the little handles,
it's perfect.
That is the perfect like clutch. It's
still with a handle nighttime bag. Oh my
gosh. And they have it in brown. It's
gorgeous. They have it in a snake skin.
It's beautiful. This is so pretty. You
have longer shoulder straps, so that's
perfect for more of a daily look. I love
this. This is so pretty. Oh, this is
such a perfect bag. And it's very chic.
These like little short handles. And
this is the end of this vlog, my
friends. I hope you enjoyed this very
eventful week. It was a week of events.
Thank you so much for watching. I hope
you guys enjoyed coming with me to all
these little events. I had fun sharing
them with you guys. I wish you all an
amazing week. I wish you all a beautiful
day or a beautiful night wherever you
are. And I'll catch you guys in my next
video. Bye guys. [music]
[music]
>> [music]